How is that possible?
This is your ingratitude.
The End of Betrayal
How is that possible?
I am the Holy One now.
He himself canonized the adopted son of the chief princess An Ninh.
How could it be because of one of her words?
Your Majesty has usurped my throne.
What the hell is this?
What tricks does a bad woman use?
They can remove the throne.
It must be you.
Save School Canh
Your hands are too long, right?
Always against me for this village woman.
Yes.
I just said that.
Dare to say nonsense again
Humiliate the lady.
This official will not forgive.
You.
Wow.
Dad.
If Van Hieu did not have the chief princess's son
There is no identity of the King of Security.
What's going on?
It's all you.
If not for you to stimulate the school.
How could he take away your throne?
Mom, you're blaming me.
Don't call me mom.
If you're still the adopted daughter of the chief princess
I can still recognize your son-in-law.
Now, the Holy Father has ordered the abdication of your throne.
You have nothing.
Failure.
What is your capacity as the son-in-law of my lord?
Even being a son-in-law isn't worth it.
Mistake
You're a villain.
It's impossible.
It's absolutely impossible.
How could you listen to him?
And take away my throne.
Van Hieu, what do you mean?
No.
There's a problem.
There must be a problem inside.
Place an order
Decree
Right.
Their news is all fake.